c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\NewsFocus.dll.config
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\NewsFocus.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\NewsFocus.pdb
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\unirest-net.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\unirest-net.pdb
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\obj\Debug\NewsFocus.csproj.App.config
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\obj\Debug\NewsFocus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\obj\Debug\NewsFocus.dll
c:\users\aardhana\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Assignment3\NewsFocus\obj\Debug\NewsFocus.pdb
